Add OpenEnv CLI for managing environments (incl. push to Hugging Face Env Hub) (#128)
meta-pytorch/OpenEnv: src/openenv_cli/README.md

# OpenEnv CLI

Command-line tool for managing and deploying OpenEnv environments to HuggingFace Spaces.

## Overview

> The OpenEnv CLI provides a self-service workflow for publishing environments to HuggingFace Spaces, enabling community members to share environments without requiring GitHub PRs. The CLI handles authentication, space provisioning, building, and deployment automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The OpenEnv CLI provides a self-service workflow for publishing environments to Hugging Face Spaces, enabling community members to share environments without requiring GitHub PRs. The CLI handles authentication, space provisioning, building, and deployment automatically.
```

> ## Installation

Reviewer 2: Copy to README

The CLI is installed as part of the OpenEnv package:

```bash
pip install -e .
```

Or install with development dependencies:

```bash
pip install -e ".[dev]"
```

> ## Usage

Reviewer 2: I would condense this down and move to README.

**Options:**
- `--namespace <namespace>`: HuggingFace namespace (organization or user). If not provided, uses authenticated user's username.
- `--space-name <space_name>`: Custom name for the HuggingFace Space. If not provided, uses the environment name.
- `--private`: Create a private space (default: public)
- `--base-image <image>`: Base Docker image to use (default: `ghcr.io/meta-pytorch/openenv-base:latest`)
- `--dry-run`: Prepare files but don't upload to HuggingFace

**Examples:**

```bash
# Push echo_env to your personal namespace
openenv push echo_env

# Push to a specific organization
openenv push coding_env --namespace my-org

# Push with a custom space name
openenv push echo_env --space-name my-custom-space

# Push to an organization with a custom space name
openenv push echo_env --namespace my-org --space-name my-custom-space

# Create a private space
openenv push echo_env --private

# Use a custom base image
openenv push echo_env --base-image ghcr.io/my-org/custom-base:latest

# Prepare files without uploading
openenv push echo_env --dry-run
```

### Authentication

The CLI uses HuggingFace authentication. You can authenticate in two ways:

> 1. **Environment Variable**: Set `HF_TOKEN` environment variable with your HuggingFace token

Author: Not 100 on the HF ecosystem. Logging in I get my space privileges? As in I could push to personal or openenv if I desired?

   ```bash
   export HF_TOKEN=your_token_here
   ```

2. **Interactive Login**: If no token is found, the CLI will prompt for interactive login:
   ```bash
   # The CLI will automatically prompt when needed
   openenv push echo_env
   ```

To get a token:
1. Go to https://huggingface.co/settings/tokens

> 2. Create a new token with "write" permissions

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Create a new token with "write" permissions on the namespace where you are pushing the environment.
```
